
 'D:\Kavya Bhat-8.13.2021\SynologyDrive\Bolt MMM\Bolt-New Data2\response curves -Final versions\Working files\[Bolt ROI cal.xlsx]spend sheet'!$A$1:$T$806


yah I pinged you to ask for something

not really sure Jimit! I wanted to ask something but got invoved in some other work

Did you get a chance to go over the results?

I know you might have Qns but we can connet tom


sorry I did not mention about the changes that i have done
let me tell you in the call itself 

Jimit you got to increase my money























































1. How should we look at the synergy numbers and Interpretation of the results in detail
2. a) When all the media brought together in one picture we have 100% how many of the 100% is explained by the fact that there is just running lets say-
   FB ads regardless of others running at the same time
	b)How many % of FB & OOH together contribute to 100%?

3.If they have run together, individullay how to read it? Can we equally distribute % among each channels?

I just remember Polina asking these Qns Jimit. For some of them we know answers but still I will ask!
Making sense?



When all the media are brought together in one picture we have 100% how much of the 100% is explained by the fact that there is a bus going on, say-
   FB ads regardless of what others are running


Hi Vijay Below are some of the Questions asked by Polina in our recent call; Also She has asked us to create slides to write about how can we use the results for their analaysis etc
So I thought will take your opinion and write based on your inputs 



1. How should we look at the synergy numbers and Interpretation of the results in detail
2. a) When all the media brought together in one picture; we have 100% how many of the 100% is explained by the fact that there is just running lets say- FB ads regardless of others running at the same time
b)How many % of FB & OOH together contribute to 100%? 

3.If they have run together, individually how to read it? Can we equally distribute % among each channels?





what she has asked for is exactly the definition of synergy

When you do TV alone, what is the impact?
2. When you do TV and Radio together, what is the impact? This is defined as synergy between TV and Radio
3. If the synergy between TV and Radio is higher than TV alone, the client learns that they can plan and execute TV and Radio together
4. It is possible there are no synergies i.e., the model may not yield anything positive. So, you knock off those cases














1. How should we look at the synergy numbers and Interpretation of the results in detail
2. a) When all the media brought together in one picture; we have 100% how many of the 100% is explained by the fact that there is just running 
lets say- FB ads regardless of others running at the same time
b)How many % of FB & OOH together contribute to 100%?



3.If they have run together, individually how to read it? Can we equally distribute % among each channels?





Is there any update on the consumer promotion query we raised earlier in the trailing email?
 
The numbers in "Consumer promotion" raw data are sales volume however last year we received "Mobile Count".
 
It would be great if you can share the same format as last year from an alignment perspective.



More the people goto work lower the chance of game getting played can we have this narrative? if we introduce mobility workplaces?

alright, let me give you an update on RCs n optimization tomrrow?


Is there any material or written document for the synergy results interpretation? in detail? 
If any, Could you please share it with me? 
Santhosh has already shared one but wanted to check with you as well 

additional uplift 

ranges from 2 and more different combinations 
% uplift - if 2 vars have been executed together from the total registrations that these derived 5% happend coz these two were executed together

2 channels to 6 channels done together synergy effect keeps increases with more and more channels being executed together 

what combinations works better

FB+Google 1000+100

synergy 5%

90% from FB and 10% google

these are numbers not actual numbers when ever you did together you got x volume 

In total level based on propotion


Give eg 





